OKTA-421006 Identity Engine Post Tuscany - Combine run sample pages and move up level (#2550)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples/main/index.md

---
title: Run the sample apps
excerpt: Run the sample apps
layout: Guides
---

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>
<ApiLifecycle access="Limited GA" /><br>

After you have successfully created and set up your Okta org and downloaded and set up the SDK, you can run both the sample widget app and the sample SDK app.

> ## The widget flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The embedded Widget app flow
```

> In tandem with the embedded SDK, the widget integrates into your app by using a native language interface and communicates directly with the Okta APIs. The following summarizes the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In tandem with the embedded SDK, the Widget integrates into your app by using a native language interface and communicates directly with the Okta APIs. The following diagram shows the flow.
```

<div class="common-image-format">

> ![Displays the Embedded SDK widget flow](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/embedded-widget-overview.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Displays the Embedded SDK Widget flow](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/embedded-widget-overview.png)
```

</div>

> ## Run the widget sample app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run the Widget sample app
```

<StackSelector class="cleaner-selector"/>

<StackSelector snippet="runwidgetapp" noSelector />

### Start your work with the use cases

After you have successfully run the sample app, the next step is to build your integration by using the sample app as your guide. See [Start with a use case overview](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-cases/aspnet/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-overview/) to explore the available use cases with the Widget.

> ## The SDK flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The embedded SDK app flow
```

> The SDK integrates into your app by using a native language interface and communicates directly with Okta APIs by using a REST interface. The following is a summary of the SDK flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK integrates into your app by using a native language interface and communicates directly with Okta APIs by using a REST interface. The following diagram illustrates the SDK flow.
```
